Star Emperor Cross Slash!
Zaboera [thought]:
C-Crocodine.
I thought I could slip away,
but you found me.
I learned long ago never to
never take my eyes off of you.
[cackling]
Ah, well observed.
Except it was foolish of
you to come after me alone.
Keep in mind, I could always
have another trick up my sleeve.
Crocodine: No, you don't.
If I know you, after losing so
badly and failing your master,
you'd want to run as
far away as possible.
The fact that you're
still crawling around here
is all the proof I need
to know that you've already
played every card in your hand.
Lon Beruk's attack drained
you of your Magic Power.
You barely made
it out at all...
And you don't have any
items to restore yourself.
That means you're
entirely out of options.
Zaboera [thought]: Curse you,
you blasted crocodile.
When exactly did
you grow a brain?!
I have to do something.
There must be a way.
Without weapons, it will
have to be a battle of wits,
and I can't lose
to this blockhead...
He's nothing but a rube!
Perhaps that's my answer...
Yes, that will be
my advantage...
Zaboera: [frustrated snarl]
Now, Zaboera...
prepare to meet your end.
Please, have mercy.
Zaboera: You're
right, of course.
With my power depleted, I'm
out of options, as you say.
I have no other choice than
to perish by your hands
if you think that
is what I deserve.
Considering all my deeds,
yearning for such
retribution is only natural.
But I did those things
because I was afraid!
Compared to the other
Legion Commanders,
I was always the weakest...
I was threatened, even!
Try to understand,
amongst them,
the only hope I had of survival
was to rely on my cunning.
I understand.
With the defeat of my
Superior Being Zombie,
I've learned.
I've realized that
it's nearly impossible
to survive without
relying on others.
Now that I know that, perhaps
I'll even turn a corner.
I beg you, old friend.
Please, spare me - please!
Zaboera: I swear... I'll turn
away from the Dark Army.
You have to believe me.
You're the only
one I can go to.
After my failure, the Dark
King will have my head,
and your human comrades
will never accept me.
Spare me!
Zaboera [thought]: That's it,
you naive twit.
I knew I could appeal
to your sentiment.
Now just put down that axe.
While it may be true I have no
Magic Power or stamina left,
I still have
plenty of options.
There hundreds of toxins
flowing through my veins...
And I've just mixed a poison
that will turn you
into my puppet.
I'll use you to
take out the others.
All I need is a scratch,
then victory is mine.
Do it, you lumbering
oaf - take the bait!
[whimpering]
Crocodine: All right, then,
Zaboera. In that case...
Come along.
Zaboera [thought]: Perfect!
Exactly as I suspected,
you're still a dull creature,
after all - more
tooth than brain.
Although, you are
a stepping stone
on my way towards my new life.
Credit where it's due.
Gotcha!
Zaboera [thought]:
Why would he drop his axe?
You bastard!
You were putting on
an act the whole time?
Zaboera: Wait -
let's talk about this!
Zaboera... I may not
be the smartest,
but if there's one thing
I've managed to learn
from all of your
tricks... it's this:
In our world, there are some
people who are simply beyond
any hope of saving,
and you're one of them.
No. Wait a minute!
You can't... Crocod -
[overwhelmed howl]
There you are!
Baduck: Crocodine!
So you finally defeated
this old gremlin for good?
What a relief!
Everybody's been turning over
the battlefield looking for him
since we realized
he'd escaped the zombie.
Good for you! You might
even get knighted for this.
Baduck: [laughing]
What's the matter?
You see, old man...
Before I joined your ranks,
back when there were six
of us Legion Commanders -
Zaboera's fearsome Magic Power
made him a respected individual.
But blinded by
his own ambitions,
he regarded others as
little more than tools
to do his bidding,
and so he became the
parasite we see before us.
If only he were more like Dai,
if he possessed
even a shred of desire
to grow through his
own strength...
He could've been a great man.
Greed is truly a
nefarious disease.
But who am I?
If I wasn't the
first to fight Dai,
would I have
been any different?
At any rate, Zaboera never
had a chance at redemption,
and so I pity him.
If anybody's the great man,
it's you, my friend.
This one was nothing like you.
No matter which
side you picked.
Even if the
"Beast King" Crocodine
had remained our enemy - he'd
still be worth our respect.
He'd have risked his
life to better himself,
even if the reasons
he had were wrong.
That's what I believe.
Old man...
You have my thanks.
Baduck: Come on. Let's go see
how the others are doing.
He's almost as
tough as a dragon.
Monster: He's too strong.
We can't take him!
Monster: Even if we
have him outnumbered...
Enough of your whining.
I say we all rush him!
Hym: Give it up. It won't
make a difference.
Oh, yeah? How about
a demonstration?
Get out of the way.
This one is mine.
So unless you want
your final moments to be
embarrassing ones, I suggest
you leave him to me.
You see, he's my prey.
Nobody else can have him.
Hyunckel [thought]: Hym?!
Is something wrong, Hyunckel?
You look like an animal
caught in a hunter's sights.
And here I thought
seeing my face
wouldn't make
you feel anything.
I guess you recognize me.
Oh, I recognize you, Hym -
but I still don't understand.
Hadlar created the Royal Guard
using Forbidden Magic,
he conjured you and your allies
from pieces of Orichalcum.
And now that he's gone,
the flow of his
Magic Power has ceased.
In other words,
without him,
you go back to being
nothing but an object.
So start explaining yourself.
To be honest,
I couldn't tell you.
Hym: After you defeated me,
I fell from Vearn Palace.
With nothing to
slow my descent,
the impact alone should
have finished me off.
I sensed my consciousness
slipping away,
fading like an
ember in the night.
Then, I felt myself
leave my body,
and I was in another
place... full of darkness.
Hym: And then... a sound
pierced through that darkness,
shaking me to the
very core of my being.
They were cries of defeat...
Coming from Lord Hadlar
and the Royal Guard
as the final
battle took them.
I knew at once that
my friends were dead...
That Lord Hadlar
was dead with them.
The fight was over.
We had all lost.
Then came a fire
in my heart.
I couldn't let
the darkness take me.
Even if I was
the only one left...
I had to live on and carry out
the will of my fallen comrades.
I had to find a way back
to my body and avenge them.
I had to take down at
least one of you disciples,
or their sacrifice
would have been in vain.
[roaring]
And here I am.
When I woke up I
felt even stronger,
and the hole in
my chest was gone.
Hyunckel [thought]:
It's a miracle...
The kind of miracle
that can only be caused
by an undying spirit.
If he's no longer a puppet
controlled by
Hadlar's Magic Power;
he's found a
will of his own.
Could it be...
For a minute there
you had me worried.
Guess I shouldn't be, huh?
Making a new trident
outta Hadlar's little
slave will be a riot.
Does this
hand-me-down henchman
actually think he
can take our place?
Besides, Hadlar was a coward.
When we're done,
you'll wish you let the
Disciples of Avan take you down.
Say goodbye. It's your
bedtime, junior!
Hym: That was unwise.
If you'd simply
stayed out of my way,
I would have let you leave.
Only now,
you've crossed a line,
and I'm afraid you'll
have to be punished.
Interfering with
me is one thing...
But to hear a pack
of overfed livestock
speak ill of Lord Hadlar,
that's another...
I'll make you all
pay dearly for it!
[snarling]
Wh... S-Silver hair?
Hyunckel [thought]: He... He
almost looks like... Hadlar!
[charging roars]
[roaring]
Hyunckel [thought]:
Th-This is...
Why do I have this?
It looks... familiar...
Is this a gift from
my former master?
Hadlar: You know, Hym...
Of all my creations, I think
you resemble me the most.
Hyunckel [thought]: It's as if
Hadlar's been reincarnated...
And that energy he just let
off was definitely Aura -
no mistaking it.
But how? Aura is life energy.
A doll given sentience
with magic like Hym
shouldn't be able to use it.
That means... He's become
an actual life form,
complete with an
individual soul and will.
Perhaps Hadlar's essence fused
with him in the afterlife.
Either way, this time
he's an all-new enemy.
Air attacks won't
work anymore.
Not to mention, if his
attacks are channeling Aura
through his Orichalcum body,
he'll hit even harder.
If I'm right,
I should expect something
at least as powerful
as Dai's Aura Blade.
Hym: That's better.
It's just the two of us.
So let us begin.
Although, just looking at you,
it seems as if
you can barely stand.
You must be drained.
You just fought more enemies
than an average warrior
sees in their lifetime.
All the same, I won't
be holding back.
You're just an obstacle
that must be overcome.
I can't afford
you any sympathy.
You're too great of a threat.
I could sense it
when we first fought.
Just as Lord Hadlar gave
everything to defeat Dai...
I too will give whatever
it takes to best my foe.
And that foe
is you, Hyunckel.
Now take this.
Call it a gift - from me and
all of the Royal Guard to you.
Every shred of our
honor and vengeance...
combined in a single fist!
Thank you.
You've done well, Garuda.
Try to get some rest.
Flora: The battle is ours.
We've defended this Magic
Circle and keep it alight.
It's all thanks to
your valiant efforts.
We effectively have a bridge
between here and Vearn Palace.
We can send up
help at any time.
And if anyone in Dai's
party winds up injured,
we can bring them back
here to heal them in safety.
Crocodine: Because
of Leona's spell,
Vearn Palace no longer
has its protective barrier.
That means
anybody who can fly
is able come and go from
there as they please.
We should send
reinforcements.
What reinforcements?
We may have won
the battle here,
but it's still left
our army in tatters.
In this state,
there's no one able-bodied
enough that's worth sending.
Chiu: Sure there is...
You can leave this one to me.
What d'you think?
He still has some spirit,
that's for sure.
My friends, it's up to us
to face the Dark King.
Sending troops who are injured
or running low on stamina
will just lead
to more casualties -
and we don't want that.
But Terry, Rumbles,
and Drack-Drack
are the only Commandos
who can fly...
We can take a party of three.
Having said that, he's
probably the weakest one here.
Ha! "Probably"?
Obviously, as captain of
the Beast King Commandos,
I will lead the way...
So... two more!
I'm gonna need someone
who packs enough punch
to knock the wind out
of the Dark Army...
I'm looking at you,
Crocodine. You with me?
Of course. Did you
really have to ask?
Sorry, Chiu.
I wish I could tag along, but
I've got my hands full as it is.
Ah, don't sweat it, pal.
I totally understand.
You need to be looking
after Lon Beruk.
One more person.
Who'll it be?
Ideally, someone
who can heal...
Lady Amy [thought]: Pick me,
pick me, pick me,
pick me, pick me, pick me,
pick me, pick me...
Pick me, pick me, pick me,
pick me, pick me, pick me...
Chiu [thought]:
I'm not sure why,
but I sense incredible
pressure all of a sudden...
Chiu: How about Mr. Beast!
Lady Amy [thought]: Aw, what?
An unstoppable trio.
But just in case...
Chiu: Listen up!
If you have any healing items
left, toss 'em in the bag.
Every little bit helps.
Chiu: Crocodine? Look alive!
We're ready to move out.
Right.
Lady Amy [thought]:
I suppose I should stay
to keep healing Merle, anyway.
It's not how I wanted
it to go, but...
They'll help you, Hyunckel...
I've returned to this
dreadful place once again...
Except, this time
I'm not going to lose!
Chiu: So, this is the
infamous Vearn Palace, huh?
Crocodine: Hey, Chiu...
Crocodine: These
three look exhausted.
We should send them back.
Chiu: Yeah, you're right.
Nice work, you guys.
We can take it from here.
You double back to Loroi
Valley and await our return.
It won't be long.
Don't worry about us.
We'll find Dai's party,
help them defeat the Dark King,
and be back in no time!
Trust me. It'll be fine.
Chiu: I'll even swear
on my Commando badge!
Chiu: [laughing]
Crocodine [thought]: This little
runt may not be the strongest,
but he's got more heart than
the rest of us put together.
Someday, he might even be
a force to be reckoned with.
Let's move out!
I wonder where
everyone else is.
Well, well. That was a solid
hit, now wasn't it, Hyunckel?
Hyunckel [thought]:
His power and speed
are both totally
off the charts.
I didn't have any time
to react to that at all.
So, this is the
power of "Aura"?
I must admit,
it's remarkable.
It's as if it allows
me to channel my anger
directly into
every move I make.
Oh, don't tell me
it's over already?
I was just beginning
to enjoy this.
You must have more for me.
Or perhaps it really is over.
What a pity. I thought
you were special.
Hyunckel [thought]:
It's no use...
With all the energy I've
spent fighting those beasts,
I don't have enough Aura
to keep up with him.
And meanwhile,
he's practically overflowing
with Aura of his own.
I'm not a match for
him like this...
There must be another way.
How can I fight? How?
Hyunckel [thought]: No, no...
I'm starting to lose
sense of my body.
I can't afford to fail here.
The others are counting on me.
Dai...
Popp...
M-Maam...
Avan: Hyunckel...
Hyunckel...
Fight it...
Just open your
eyes and stand...
Wake up!
Come on, young man.
Have you forgotten
your lessons?
You still aren't doing
what I told you to do.
I'm... not doing...
what you told me to do?
Yes, that's right.
There's no shame
in accepting defeat
if you've given the battle
everything you can, but...
I don't believe
you're finished yet.
Stop fixating
on what you've lost;
think of something
you can do.
Sometimes, the only way to
surpass our
perceived limitations -
is to use what's within.
Avan: Otherwise, you'll never
tap into your full potential
and become your
strongest self.
Give your opponent
everything you have,
summon the force that
ignites your very essence.
That's what makes
a true warrior.
There we go.
That's more like it. On your
feet, my eternal rival.
Give me a challenge.
Hyunckel [thought]:
It's such a peculiar thing.
I used to despise
you with all my heart...
So much that I once
even wanted to end you.
Hyunckel [thought]:
But I see now, Master...
Whenever I fell,
something would make always
me get back up again.
It was you...
Every single time.
Narrator: After dragging himself
back from the brink of defeat,
Hyunckel summons the last of
his energy to take down Hym...
But the Orichalcum warrior
is imbued with Hadlar's spirit,
making a fiercer opponent
than ever before.
With his Aura depleted
and his stamina fading,
it seems as if Hyunckel
faces certain doom...
until he decides to
unleash one final gambit.
Hyunckel or Hym: In a clash
of wills, who will survive?
Find out on
the next episode of
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"The Silver-Haired Hym".